every school has that kid right
the kid nobody talks to but if wayne
comes to talk to you well
wayne you're [ __ ]
yellow cookies are as weird as you look
i like cookies
my name is dell and it ain't short for
nothing so don't ask
you want to create my sister creep this
[ __ ]
if you run around writing wrongs all
your life that'll be your life
what the heck what's this picture of
well that car shut up anyone was
your mind that prick ran off with it
[Music]
i'm [ __ ] crazy what's all this [ __ ]
i made breakfast
this second wayne's been dead a bad hand
we need to help him sometimes
sure he got kicked out of school and his
house burned down and his dad is dead
burned up in the house that he burned
down but he's got us yes he does
you look just like your father this
whole time it wasn't even about the car
it was about your [ __ ] mother
so we're doing this my dick is hard why
[ __ ] crazy you got anyone special i
got a wine
what the [ __ ] is a wayne i guess that's
a [ __ ] way
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you